Information about the Quiz button environment.

In the setup.html we can set the following variables:

1 - Time out value (the time in seconds the player have to answer the question)
2 - Number of rounds
3 - Number of questions in a round
4 - A description of every round
5 - A description of every button

On this page we have the following buttons:
1 - Restart button (restart the server.py program) with a confirmation popup
    During the restart the restart.html is shown.
2 - Shutdown the pi with confirmation popup
3 - return to the results.html page

On this page we also show the software version of the server.py,
and the ESP32 program (main.cpp) version in the bottom right.

Here is the game flow:

0  - After the restart of server.py we start with Round 1, Question 1 (vraag) 1
1  - The GUI button says 'Start Vraag 1/x' in blue color
     All esp32 buttons are in disabled mode (red LED)
2  - Only At the beginning of a round a player can set a Joker with the GUI 'Inzet Jokere' button in orange color
     The points in that round are 2x. Only one time a Joker can be set in the game for every player.
3  - The GUI start vraag button is pressed (Blue color)
4  - All esp32 button turn to enabled (green LED)
5  - the question is asked
6  - All players can press the esp32 button.
7  - server.py computes the numbers 1 (Blue LED),2 (Cyan LED) and 3 (Yellow LED)
     All other buttons have the white LED on. Every button is now disabled.
8  - The time out counter starts to run
9  - The number one can give an answer. If the answer is good we give them 1, 2 or 3 points
     If the answer is wrong goto step 20
10 - All esp32 turn to disabled (red LED)
10 - We continue with the next question, and the GUI button volgende vraag 2 comes active again (green button)
11 - We press the volgende vraag 2 and the start vraag 3/x appears
12 - we continues until all question have asked in that round.
13 - After all questions in a round are asked we continue with round 2 withe the GUI cyan button 'Volgende ronde' 
14 - We go to step 1 again
	 
20 - If the answer is wrong we disable this esp32 button with  the Fout (blokeren) knob.
21 - The number two can give an answer, if wrong than disable, if good we give points and continue.
     Same for number three.
22 - if all answers are wrong we continue with the GUI button reset ronde (geen punten)

 

